Governance Content Integration (#37)
evmos/academy: docs/articles/governance/Proposals/definitions.en.mdx

> # Core Definitions and Concepts

Reviewer: Change title and nav bar item to  "Definitions and Concepts"

```suggestion
# Definitions and Concepts
```

## Proposal Types

### On-Chain Governance

On-chain governance refers to all protocol level execution of proposals using Cosmos SDK's `gov` module. Anyone who holds or stakes EVMOS can participate in these votes, regardless of the voter's validator choices. 

### Off-Chain Governance

Off-chain governance refers to all community decisions that do not require an on-chain protocol-level change. These types of decisions include a wide variety of topics and concepts, from passing meta-governance proposals to the formation of special task forces or workstreams. 

> <Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
> All proposals are assumed to be `On-Chain Proposals` until the necessary infrastructure and toolings for `Off-Chain Voting` is established. Cosmos SDK's `TextProposal` will be used for `Off-Chain Proposals` for the time being.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: Callouts dont work in docusaurus, use :::tip instead

```suggestion
:::tip
All proposals are assumed to be `On-Chain Proposals` until the necessary infrastructure and toolings for `Off-Chain Voting` is established. Cosmos SDK's `TextProposal` will be used for `Off-Chain Proposals` for the time being.
:::
```

| `erc20`        | `evmos`      | `register_coin` `register_erc20`  |[reference](https://docs.evmos.org/modules/erc20/07_parameters.html)      | 
| `evm`        | `evmos`      | `ExtraEIPs` `ChainConfig`  |[reference](https://docs.evmos.org/modules/evm/08_params.html)      | 

---

### Network Upgrades & Security

| Module         | Codebase     | Parameters                                        | Description                                     |  
| -------------- | ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------|
| `crisis`       | `cosmos-sdk` | `ConstantFee` |The crisis module halts the blockchain under the circumstance that a blockchain invariant is broken. [Ref.](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.46/modules/crisis/04_params.html)| 
| `upgrade`       | `cosmos-sdk` | `MsgSoftwareUpgrade` | `x/upgrade` is an implementation of a Cosmos SDK module that facilitates smoothly upgrading a live Cosmos chain to a new (breaking) software version.  [Ref.](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.46/modules/upgrade/)| 

> <Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">

Reviewer: use :::tip

Emergency and Network Upgrade Proposals are exempt from following the Proposal Lifecycle Framework. The community is expected to do its due dilligence when such proposals are uploaded. 
</Callout>

---

## Proposal Phase & Identification Tags

**You do not need to know the proposal phase and identification naming conventions! A Governance Council member will assist -- the content below is for reference.** 

Proposal Phases are denoted as: `[IDEATION]`, `[PRE-PROPOSAL]`, `[PROPOSAL]`, `[VOTING]` for the 4-phases, and `[PASSED]`, `[REJECTED]`, `[DEFERRED]` for proposals in the other stages. Refer to the [Proposal Lifecycle](/governance/proposals/lifecycle) page for more information on proposal lifecycle phases. 

> <Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">

Reviewer: use :::tip
